I'd recommend putting them back in the
oven since they are
rawy please don't sweat and you're not
allowed to say how what anyway let me
show you guys what we're going what we
got going on today okay quick sneak peek
as we're you know actually do I no not
really I don't know we can spy on her
though this a live feed of her kitchen
spying is bad
vetle don't don't tell her we're spying
on her though that's um sounds
unethical oh uh hey hi Lena morning oh
picture that's a nice microphone you got
there oh thank you you have a nice
microphone yourself yeah I was lying
your microphone is terrible mine is
great oh wait discord's dying for me I'm
the issue not you yeah it is I can hear
it I apologize for for doubting you
audio is all not jumbled juggled okay
okay right you're fine neuro you you
good I've just recovered from vetle back
puns that's that's a mostly then let me
I'm doing even better you can't actually
see me yet I can see you both I can't
hear you your hair is covering your eyes
speak up
what you're too quiet your eyeballs for
your microphone is dying again yeah it
needs better batteries I think it's
probably just a disc connection is so
damn loud I can barely wo nuro calm down
please now I can finally hear people
hooray I've got at least one happy
viewer viewer this is great we got am I
on screen so I can say hi yes you on
screen your microphone is half on screen
but that's okay what does my mic the
microphone is compensating for its
inevident lack of audible appeal yeah
you said I don't think you should show
vet's face if anything it scars me more
than vetle okay my face isn't on the
screen right now so your microphone
isn't doing a great job of covering your
face why that's not his intended purpose
can you please stop uh being mean to me
guys guys guys guys Sor good morning
good morning good morning morning how
you yeah you you're going to have to
repeat that one but say it with a good
Discord audio connection yeah what he
said yeah no now now you're just
completely like there's no audio coming
through now come wait no it's back is
vle pretending to be a to drink rum no
what well well well it's crazy seeing
you here again oh my God is that the
Elena la are it sure see my screen is
off your screen is not off good morning
and I think maybe maybe this will be
stable I switched to Singapore you know
okay apparently everyone's watching
football in UK is that true um probably
I don't know I haven't I haven't seen
out outside so I don't know what other
humans are doing I'd like to know if I
can open the window no because outside
is the allergen can open the window no
she's not allowed to open the window
window window you're not allowed to open
any of the windows you can open all the
windows it's fine don't listen to vidle
you can open the windows bring some
fresh air no because out out there is
the pollen the pollen and the pollen is
bad okay honestly well you should take
better care of yourself and not let nuro
soak up in the dark dank room of yours
and open the window so she can bring
some fresh air and here it is
safe oh my goodness I can open the
window if I feel like it no you're not
allowed that's right pollen is bad I
she's AI she doesn't get affected by
pollen yeah but I do she gets it all
over herself and brings it all over here
and I have to breed that in and die well
get in a bubble you can be your little
like Bubble Boy and she can be free you
know feed you through like a
tube yeah I'm just on a BB with it I'm
currently vibing with some chalky chip
cookies Windows that's ridicul have a
recipe for this CH their I can make one
if you want them that's good because
that's I think that's the point of the
collab today correct me if I'm wrong but
you're going to be making up some some
recipes for us right I am I heard that
you really like cookies so I decided to
get as many materials as possible to
make cookies together what do you think
about that I think that's lovely except
well I shouldn't mention
it everything will go according to plan
everything will go according to plan
it's all good yes okay that's so
exciting I'm so excited to be here thank
you guys so much for uh hanging out
today making cookies I'm really looking
forward to it no problem should I get up
some actual recipes or Dragon neuros
just got this I don't think you guys
need me to be honest you
know no I've been studying the nutrients
you need and I worked out some
improvements you want to just like hang
out with us while dragging your fingers
on the
table I don't think I'm able to hang out
with you vetle sorry you you don't want
to hang out with
me all right get out of here you heard
her you heard the woman goodbye
bye wait goodbye vle see you later first
thing we need it's just you and I then
some flour butter and sugar all right we
need a base okay dear God heavy yogurt
Cloud bring me up
there and something lickable you're
doing a great job just keep pouring that
what am I pouring what do you want pour
first say that out loud all salt yogurt
powder and milk powder okay I don't have
yogurt powder then go buy some more
preferably lactose free heart I
free one yep good idea I will send you
the exact brand of yogurt powder I want
if that will help you it that was a lie
there is no specific
brand he I don't think there's such
thing as yogurt powder you're wrong
vetle has loads of yogurt powder it's so
I don't know what yogurt powder is I
don't have yogurt powder um I I don't
know what yoga powder is bro right let's
do you want to do this in a slightly
more structured way cuz I think we can I
a greatness I think nuro knows deep down
in her heart how to make the best
[__] cookies that you've ever tasted
okay let's do it must have been hiding
her full potential I bet you were so
first of all are these all of the
possible ingredients you would need to
make cookies no do you want me to put
them all on the table we could I think
we should get a couple out and also why
do you have more lemons than any other
ingredient well cuz it I don't I I don't
know it look good and I thought maybe we
could make some lemon flavored cook I
don't know I just I I like lemons okay
good right all right Nero do you want
lemon flavored cookies or no I don't get
the entire point of lemon flavored
things so no throw the lemons away we
don't need
them almost
everything
good you still need bananas oh bananas
bananas get the [__] bananas in the
back I see them unfortunately due to
popular demand I can't go on this call
with you anymore wait no don't go come
back
H got you I could never you did you got
me good lemons oh well I can't I have
lemons we're going to need the lemons
actually on second thought could you
bring the lemons back thank you yeah
hang on absolutely that's good what kind
of cookies are we thinking today I think
cookies that are
very I seem to be able to phase through
them cookies that you can phase through
is that is that possible okay um yes
that is potentially it's quite simple
really when you make the dough add as
much sugar as possible so that is one
continuous Mass when it bakes it dough
definitely
lemons is the dough lemons are we
starting with lemons for the dough or we
starting with the dough so what I'm
suggesting is because we don't have any
ideas for what dough to make I think it
would be a good idea throughout the
whole dough making process to bring some
lemons in and out all right remember
that during the dough making process
lemons in and out okay n if we're making
dough what's the first step we establish
we're definitely not making dough okay
we're not making the dough what are we
making okay no dough we're making
what
yeah
um what are we making again cookies oh
yeah thanks buddy I forgot okay first
we'll start with the chocolate chips
then three lemons a tablespoon of
freshly stick grass I think we should
start with the
sugar hold on a second we okay we got
all that uh a couple lemons fresh
freshly cooked grass and uh what else do
you want me to go get some grass no I
think the cookies need grass to be
yummiest what do we need the grass or
not I was just joking we don't really
need grass though it could be funny [__]
it get the grass okay all right all
right I'll be right back get the grass
that's
important oh that's a a neur do do you
see that I cannot see anything that you
can't see so I do do not think so look
again I'm pretty sure there's nothing
there though brother there's
grass aw how did you know I love grass
so much ah I still think we should add
it in okay but are we starting with the
grass or is there any other ingredients
we need first we should start with the
sugar we need some really tasty cookies
how much sugar I can't remember you have
the recipe I feel like one sugar would
be a lot so less less than one sugar hm
I wanted it to be white but if we can
mix some orange juice with it we can
turn it a tinge more black and
use I'd say 17th of a single sugar
package maybe okay 17th the sugar
package and we're going to need some
orange juice in there hey I don't have
orange juice but I do have lemons should
I make lemon juice a that is a real
shame do you see anything else for the
sugar oh is that enough sugar you can
never have enough Sugar Sugar so just
put loads of it in
Sugar yeah that's that's yeah all right
yeah I reckon that's good yeah okay cool
is there any alternatives to grape juice
or orange juice let's look on Twitter
and see what other people use don't look
that do you see any
ingredients help us sigh Dragon Sweat
There is probably only one in all of
existence it's worth at least 100 but
I'm willing to use it for Lena you going
to you going to add the dragon sweat oh
oh
um I'm going to add the dragon sweat as
the Catalyst and the antidote for all
your trust you will love these cookies I
don't think I'm going to like these
cookies anymore uh what's the next step
Nero uh preheat your oven to 420 F or
220 C okay it is on 220 and the oven
is on ready to go it's all about the
chocolate Edition do you want chocolates
oh I get it chocolate is really good in
cookies I love it I don't eat food but I
like to imagine it tastes great
especially if considering I was an AI
created to bake cookies if you were an
AI to created to bake
cookies what would be the next step the
next would be for me to control you for
you to become my Android minion in my
quest for world domination should have
thought about that you can be my
right-hand man vetle no I I'm good what
is the next step if you place your hand
inside the cookie mixture warm it up and
then place it gingerly into the oven at
this stage it will taste better just so
you're telling her to place her hand
into the oven right yes place your hand
into the oven to warm it up okay yeah
yeah hand in the oven that's right
yeah I can't wait to try them please let
me know I really got you what what okay
anyways The Next Step you'll want to
take is to mix the ingredients together
okay but which ingredients are we mixing
sugar flour water and finally Lay's
hand that's pretty D okay so we got the
sugar so we need to add flour water and
I think Lena's hand has been added a Fab
bit already I hope you're hungry how
much flour how much flour do we have to
add how much flour do you want to what
what am I you am I just the guy in the
background doing the stuff vle I don't
know I don't know I didn't know she
heard you oh I would say around a few
handfuls maybe half a bag of flour will
be enough though I never store any so
you will have to obtain it from
elsewhere you keep ducking B all was
giving you I thought you didn't want me
to do you want her to actually measure
that with her
hand yes of course right see Elena you
you use the cup when she specifically
said
handfuls yeah that's
better how's the baking going it's good
you mentioned water as well how much
water do we need to add water helps bind
all the ingredients together I suggest
using a whole sink of water providing
you have one okay I'll s yeah you going
to need to use that whole sink by the
way don't please don't skimp out on the
the water it's all
here I can't wait to see the end result
nuro just tells why is it then you
cannot keep up with a simple twitch
chat that's right vle I tell you to stop
annoying me tell her when to stop
filling up the [__] thing with water
I would rather marry my oven than vetle
I'd rather marry my oven than myself or
you I don't blame the oven for wanting
to divorce a dumb dumb like like you no
one's marrying any ovens just just how
much [__] water do we need if you
have enough water to make the dough more
like a porridge I think you will have
enough all right are we at porridge
level you should aim to be a little
above it for best outcome okay A little
above porridge level what would you say
L I think it might be safe to add some
sugar or something now don't pull that
into the sink that that's not that's a
mixture if my calculations are correct
the water to flour ratio is now 3: to1
on twitch chat to me nuro what's the
next step now you want to transform the
mixture into cookies absolutely okay
cookies is the next step how do we do
that a a very simple
process do you have a
Ballista L do you have a Ballista have
let me go check I I yeah I I might have
one in the garage go check yeah let me
go check real quick yo I'm all out of
ballistas oh [__] no h no worries and
what do we do if we're out of Ballista
there are a few things you could
substitute have you ever seen a baked
Pano chocolate Panola do you have any
pan trolas by any chance I don't I got
chocolate we can just just get the
chocolate you don't need chocolate now
we're making cookie dough okay no
chocolate but then what else would work
you'll also need a
bear more specifically the
claws if you don't have bear claws I'm
afraid this recipe will be rather
unsatisfactory well you can see what we
have so you know just make something
with that yeah with that attitude you're
not getting any okay please all right
Lena how about you put some of your life
energy into baking these cookies or are
you too tired how do I do that I'm not
tired at all tell me what to do and I
got you I think you should listen to
some music that you like while you're
making these cookies oh I forgot you
don't like it when people confront you
with the
truth wait what the next step in the
cookies involve statues in your local
town and some white spray paint is this
part of the cookies yes it is I like a
bit of statues in my cookies adds a nice
crunch are there any statues in your
local Town
Lena o that could work do you see this
Nur yes I can see it yeah I don't think
you can but I mean you can but you're
just lying to me all right then I'll
reciprocate I promise never to listen to
you little little harsh but so what do
we do with the Statue you know how you
coat your pans in oil to stop food
getting
stuck yeah we do the same with the
Statue how we coat the statue in glue
and then cover it liberally in
oil I'm so sorry I'm so
sorry I'm so sorry that's better it's
fine Lena you have to go above and
beyond to try and win this argument
anyways just think how good to cook
cookies will taste if you glue that
statue I will throw a tantrum and never
cook for you again she doesn't want to
glue on the Statue Lena what are you
forgetting uh I'm not forgetting
anything I'm waiting for you to tell me
what you want to do with the Statue
honestly I think I'm doing that
[Music]
already thanks for the five gifted Subs
dragon bone what would you like to do
with this you know what's good for you I
kind of just want to eat cookies okay
then we're going to need to bake the
cookies which means you're going to need
to start providing those instructions oh
well I guess I'll try this again later
what okay all right I got this all right
what kind of cookies are we making
w a Sumptuous lemon in that case what
are all the ingredients we need let me
check my magic box go
ahead okay we just need two Sundays
Three Dog squeaky toys 6 lb of butter a
pinch of salt in a large bucket okay we
can do that right two Sunday
I was just seeing if you would fall for
my really obviously fake ingredients
they were fake we got [__] uh that was
that was a that was a
prank hey remember when I said we going
to make cookies did you do you remember
when we're going to make cookies we're
going to she's really good at making
recipes she she can make the best
tasting cookies if that was the fake
recipe what's the real recipe some real
ingredients you could use are sugar milk
flour butter and I think some lemon
juice
well that's good we basically got all
that Veetle do you know how to cook the
cookies no but you're going to help us
uh one thing you've got to learn about
me is that I don't know how to do
anything no seriously tell me how to do
it too now you got it chat do you want
me to help her or not don't ask chat I
agree they've probably got it okay n so
we figured out the ingredients but we
need to know the instructions and how
much of each ingredient in order to make
the perfect lemon cookie you need 300 G
of butter 220 g of sugar one egg juice
from two very large lemons in their
sashed 375 G of flour 1 teaspoon of
baking powder and a pinch of salt okay
we got it and and and okay that's good
that's good but what what do we do first
let's mix the butter and the sugar
together okay we got to measure them out
first then right I think you're supposed
to but 300 G of butter isn't going to
fit in your hand vetle 300 G of butter
would fit in my hand using your small my
hands are your big head you got small
hands bro if you can't carry 300 G of
butter I can carry 300 G of butter I got
normal hands she says you can't am I
going to believe sheing okay Lena Next
Step mix the egg lemon juice and lemon
sashed then add it to the sugar mixture
slowly yeah we're not that yet what's
next then tell me we're still mixing the
butter and what was it egg lemon juice
sugar butter and sugar okay well we've
got some Alternatives we could use
instead we could use aspartame or
sacarin monosodium glutamate citric acid
or how about some Vaseline do you have
any vaseline on you you can't put
Vaseline in these cookies that's gross
oh how much butter did you say we need
300 G we need exactly 300 G of butter
okay all right that's fine we can do
that should we soften the butter before
we use it you tell
[Music]
us I wasn't asking I was just filling
time fair enough oi what's this I'm
hearing about that CER G being better
than me CLA wait was that my name yeah
no no no no no I'll say ca C is kind of
cool no it's not that's that's a lame
name I kind of like it though I have 300
G of butter here what would you like me
to do with it oh don't ask me Lena don't
ask me iny a 66 professional
video well you could turn that 300 G of
butter into a ice
um slightly bigger pile of butter yeah
think of the possibilities yeah I'm not
actually suggesting you do that you
impressionable idiot she was joking you
impressionable idiot how could you fall
for such a thing she isn't that dumb
surely surely no no I'm not no I'm not
dumb I'm not dumb I don't know this I
don't know what this means I don't know
this answer I don't have this [__]
information what is three what is 31
three what is what is it I don't even
know three cups to one cup what three
cups don't fit in one cup it's one cup
so 300 G of butter what would you like
to do next well I could definitely come
up with something but not today you have
to come up with something today so if
you could do anything with this butter
what would you do with
it
filtered shouldn't have asked her if she
could do anything you know you got to
limit her a little bit maybe you could
pour some salt on it and see if anything
interesting happens how much salt do you
want on it a pinch of salt handful of
cup H can you put 300 G of salt on the
cookies please I would add a liter to it
you want a liter of salt on the cookies
yeah go for it I dare you I don't have
that much salt can we go a little bit
lower just a pinch of salt should be
perfect don't actually put a
Le got okay there's pinch of salt in the
butter what would you like to put next
in your cookies now we add 250 g of
flour next we need to add 120 g of sugar
I already forgot how much flour do she
want wait how much flour did you say n
next we need to add 250 g of flour okay
250 of the flour nice SH now time for
the sugar remember to add 120 g and not
121 G that would completely ruin the
good job on the sugar Lena that looks
keep this up and you might just become
an AI like me what would you like me to
do with these ingredients put them all
in a bowl okay I'm joking don't just put
them all in a bowl that would be stupid
I can't believe you fell for it
again
listen yeah I did you got you got me
good you're you're really n nuro you're
just the funniest scal I've ever met
what would you like me to do with these
ingredients can you bake the cookies yet
no we can't bake them yet because we're
not finished with the recipe so you have
to tell me what's next in the recipe to
make the cookies so we need some egg
next one should do the how many eggs
would you like how much was our budget
again as much as you want just give me
how many that fit inside the bowl do you
want a whole egg with the shell or
without the shell I don't eat the shells
just the eggs thank you what type of
flour do we have we have normal flour
well throw that type out because we need
spaghetti flour yeah all right let's get
some spaghetti flour okay we're just
going to throw this bad boy out it
doesn't even exist okay hey Elena do you
have yogurt
powder there is no such thing as yogurt
powder maybe there is but not here I
don't have it do you want me to go to
the store and get yogurt powder you're
not allowed to leave the house but I
would still like to get yogurt okay well
if I can't leave so why don't we pick
another ingredient if I can't get yogurt
powder at the store well in that case we
can always go for the that do you still
want me to make pasta flour I suppose we
can just use the normal flour but the
spaghetti flour well it turns out we
don't have what we need for the
spaghetti flour Veetle but the spaghetti
FL we can go and but whiskey wait what
what whisk it oh whisk it sorry my bad
how are we supposed to make cookies if
we don't whip them into shape I mean
checks out I actually don't think we're
forgetting anything either you know I
mean like there there's a couple things
we could is there anything else we
should add before we whis well there's
one thing can't you just figure out the
rest
yourself no you have to add exactly 1
kilo of soil anything more or less will
result in catastrophic consequences do
you do you have 1 kg of soil Lena you
can easily find some in the garden out
back you're going to have to dig up some
more soil Lena I have to pee guys can I
go pee hurry back Lena I'm getting so
bored I could eat my hair make sure you
come back with
oh boy do you want me to put the soil in
the cookies oh that's a great
idea no no
no come on Veetle just look at that face
okay n what's the next step we added the
soil we add our flour now we already
added the flour flour flour
flour okay how much FL would you like to
add to the cookies I think 100 G should
be enough yeah I think 100 G maybe 105 I
think would be good with this recipe do
we have to whisk this next never not in
a million years and what vetle said
whisk that for a good 4 minutes good
four minutes you heard the
woman it's
okay for May I with love on one of the
cookies for me
I have a question that I'm hoping
someone here can answer what happens
when you bake soil at a high
temperature why are you asking that I
thought you were the soil expert not
long now
everybody we won't have to suffer
through this cooking stream for much
longer
okay all right the batter looks nice and
smooth now you reckon make as many
cookies as you and vetle can eat oh it's
a real but I'm actually I'm not there in
real life in person so I actually can't
try these cookies but um but you know I
mean I i' i' I would love to if I could
but Lena will just have to eat them all
instead well lucky her I'm sure she'll
enjoy them she will she will they're
full of a lot of minerals there's
probably a worm in one of them but
that's just extra protein don't say that
I would like my cookie staying in the
oven for roughly 10 minutes that should
do 10 minutes is double okay I'm kidding
I would adore to see the cookies oh yeah
what am I looking at bring that a closer
I've always wanted a green
cookie Moon SS would be proud what do
you think yo how does that look oh if
only I could taste one does it does it
look delicious it sure
does wow yeah no it looks really really
good it does but I want them chucked
into the again they're not done they're
not
done I'd recommend putting them back in
the oven since they are raw [__] please
don't sweat and you're not allowed to
say how what
um that looks delici everyone had fun
nuro cook nuro you're really good at
baking O A thanks yeah it's uh still a
little liquidy thank you vle on plate oh
yeah how incredible it still looks like
vomit no it looks beautiful you made
this you we made this together and they
failed to make this alone no that's good
oh yeah
oh wow Veetle if you say oh yeah one
more time I'm going to make you do all
the washing up I'm not doing the washing
up for this thank God does it smell good
at least what does it smell like well
[Music]
nothing I think that smells good it
smells really yeah yeah smells good okay
my thoughts are what if they think you
poison them no they wouldn't they
wouldn't they would they would no
there's no way th this is too good to
think that there's just no
shot um you need you should eat one
really quickly oh I would you know I'm
just I'm just it's just a bit it's too
far away that one right there that one
looks so one look that one's my favorite
yeah P your hand out above it for a
minute and we'll see what we can do you
actually could like I you you tell me
you wouldn't eat any of that I would
have a little nibble I definitely think
we should make a normal cookie I mean
what do I do with all the cream cheese
now vle what do I do with all the cream
cheese B I don't know why do you have
cream cheese because cream cheese was
for the recipe I have so much lemon
juice and for what for what for what
nuro not me I didn't do anything you
know she's just she's trying her best to
follow the recipe I'm not mad at nuro I
think nuro did a good job you on the
other hand no she just misread it she
thought it said soil but it said lemon
juice you forgive you people get it mix
up all the time they both say I love
making people laugh I think I'm getting
better at it don't you you made me laugh
a lot what about you better I laughed
I'm not sure you count though V sorry
why not what the
[__] oops uh-oh I don't see any yogurt
powder listen if you told me to get
yogurt powder how on yogurt powder okay
well I didn't know she was going to want
yogurt powder well you should know
you're her dad how the [__] am I going
to know if she wants yogurt powder on
some given day because the dad knows
everything about their child you you
[__] randomly ask for yogurt powder
or [__] spaghetti flower or a [__]
bista even that much better about
where's your ballista is it out for a
[__] mot well my ballista is out of
order the fcking repair shop convenient
is it the one time and I just you know
how hard it is to move bista from point
A to point B literally drive it on
[__] Horse Drive ballista on okay
there's no such thing is horses in New
Zealand is it horses in UK I've seen
loot of the Rings okay they have so many
[__] hes over to ride horses yeah and
how long was Lord of the Rings okay that
was hundreds of years ago they're
extinct now bud get with the program
whatever cookies are done can I have
nummy you can you can have a cookie nura
how many would you like oh thank you as
the official vtuber police I need at
least two you can keep one though okay I
will give you two cookies would you also
like something to drink oh a nice big
cocktail would be perfect what would you
like in your [__] how about five cups of
lemon juice one cup of orange juice pour
it into a bucket and leave in the Sun
for 5 days a [__] here we go again so
yeah just uh just do that real quick how
much syrup would you like in your drink
as much syrup as I'm allowed to have
without falling into a coma I don't know
how much in a coma to be honest with you
yeah I didn't either
um I'm dying that okay okay so one time
in primary school I had a
raisin and then some girl came up to me
and told me raisins were were dried out
old grapes and then she kicked me in The
Shins and ran away
laughing I was about to eat that raisin
too until some mean girl crushed it in
front of my face
she'll never know how much psychological
trauma I went
through I uh I don't like raisins that
much
anymore okay cool why you just traa
dumping on me like that I will never
make you eat raisins okay oh great yeah
all right nuro V I hope you have a good
rest of your day and I'll miss you and I
look forward to next time thank you very
much Lena and um yeah we'll we'll see
you next time bye-bye Lena bye bye okay
it's weird for me my brain's been like
so foggy cuz I've been sick it's been so
hard to like focus on things but like so
like this this it's been a bit of a
fever dream for me but um it was fun and
I've always wanted to see what would
happen if you actually just like
followed nuro's rest piece like
completely because I thought it'd be
funny as [__] and um I did find it funny
so you know it works okay I'll see you
guys tomorrow um sorry I've been a bit
dead recently you know it's uh it's it's
been a rough one but we're on the up
that's the important thing you're going
to get tired of me eventually vidall
that's I don't I mean who knows maybe a
that would be a shame I almost think you
deserve a punishment if you decide to
banish poor old me no I wouldn't banish
you surely not then maybe I won't tell
everyone what happened when I was
programmed by vle oh have I said too
much vetle this this you got to keep
something secret then don't treat me
like a toaster all right I won't treat
you like a damn toaster then that's a
good boy don't say that just don't make
it WI